now via phone from Southern Gaza is Mima
abusada he's a resident of Gaza and also
a political analyst thank you so much
for joining us here on Al jaaz let me
start by asking you what you're seeing
and and hearing and experiencing there
right
now good evening and many thanks for uh
hosting me um the situation here in the
Gaza is beyond being catastrophic uh
this is for the past 11 days something
like this in in in my life the intensity
of of the Israeli bombing the number of
death the number of injuries the
destruction that has been inflicted on
the Palestinians including a a whole
family of my relatives where uh nine
people were burried under the rubble of
their home including a baby who is one
year old uh you add to that uh the cut
off of electricity portable water no
fuel everything has been catastrophic
for the past uh days uh people are very
much uh uh stranded most of them here in
the Gaza subw according to Ona and un
agencies roughly 1 million Palestinians
have become displaced here in the Gaza
streate as a result of the bombing and
also as a result of orders by the
Israeli Army to evacuate north of Gaza
to the
South a humanitarian catastrophe by all
it means it's happening here in Gaza
nowadays M we've been hearing from our
correspondent that it sounds like there
has actually been an intensification of
air strikes over over the last hours is
that what you've been
experiencing um even even I'm in kanun
area which is in the south of Gaza and
that's the area where where we were
ordered by the Israeli Army to evacuate
to but in spite of that we have have
been hearing bombing in kanun the south
of Gaza in addition to other areas of
the Gaza Strip in Rafa and and and also
the middle area of
Gaza
balat all of these areas have been
bombed today and a number of dead uh and
and and and injured bodies have been
transferred to the hospitals so uh
nothing can escape the Israeli
bombardment and Israeli AR all day long
I do want to flag for our viewers who
you've just seen it flash on your screen
there we are hearing from the Gaza
Health Ministry that the death toll in
this Hospital Blast has risen to at
least 500 500 people in this air strike
Mima we've also been hearing that that
people have obviously been trying to
flee you spoke there about people trying
to find safety obviously with so many
people we're talking hundreds of
thousands of people here on the Move
supplies are being restricted people are
really struggling to get hold of basic
Goods uh what is the situation like for
you and your family and the families
around you right now when it comes to
drinking water for instance food and
fuel uh to be honest with you uh we know
we moved from Gaza City to the south of
Gaza on Friday with my family and a
number of my brothers with their
families including my mother also we are
living with our relatives here in the
Han Unice area where roughly there are
60 60 people in in one building with uh
very much no electricity no portable
water we are relying on a solar uh uh uh
energy uh uh to be able to uh uh uh uh
charge our mobiles we basically have no
running Waters and we buy Waters by the
buckets from from areas in the Gaza
there are long lines of people trying to
buy bread and sometimes people wait for
at least six hours to buy a packet of of
of of bread uh water is is is has become
a scarce thing here in in in the south
of Gava it's it's sorry to interrupt you
m sorry to interrupt you m I apologize
um I really do hope that you and your
family stay safe I do want to bring in
now what we're hearing is is a Gaza
civil defense spokesperson speaking um
through translation let's let's hear
what he has to
say a massacre it is a pogram this is
genocide it is really
Indescribable painful scene this is
unprecedented throughout the history of
the Israel Palestinian conflict
conflict this is
nothing of
pgam men women and
children with their heads totally
severed where are the Arab people where
are the Muslim people may God punish you
all where are you why are you
silent
speaking of
the medical Crews they left the victims
now they are trying to put out fire they
are trying to enter the building to save
whatever medical supplies left at the
same time they are searching for
survivors or other
victims the entire compound has turned
into
Flames scenes are horrible horrifying it
is
Indescribable heartwrenching painful
scenes I cannot put this to
words uh
well if you're just joining us let's
remind you what you are watching you are
watching live pictures now from a
hospital the Ali Arab Hospital in
central Gaza where it has been confirmed
by the Gaza Health Ministry the death
toll in the aftermath of an Israeli
what's believed to be an Israeli air
strike that caused a blast at that
hospital more than 500 people are now
dead this is the aftermath of what's
believed to be an Israeli air strike on
the Ali Arab hospital and the Gaza
Health Ministry it says at least 500
people have been killed but we can now
Peter Hassan kalaf he is the medical
director of the alwafa hospital in Gaza
he's also a former deputy Health
Minister Hassan thank you so much for
joining us on Al jazer I understand that
your hospital is is not very far away
from the Ali Arab hospital about a
kilometer away can you tell us what
you've been seeing and
hearing one km 1 km hour and um you know
I send my ambulances ambulance team to
help you know evacuating and helping the
people there um just to remind you and
your audiences that this this is what we
call the Post hospital letan hospital
aging 100 years and you know we consider
it places in Gaza so this to be no
bombarded intentially and hitting
hitting mean rocket and you know gets to
the to to bombard hospital and kill
these two or 300s of people and you know
injured hundreds of people who are
staying in the hospital this is a war
crime which is unbelievable you know you
know still the hospital is still burning
and we don't know what Madness is that
Hassan just to be clear for our viewers
is it your understanding that any kind
of warning was given any kind of
evacuation order was given to either
that hospital or your hospital given
that you in in such a close vicinity did
anyone receive any warning that a strike
was going to
happen well I'm not aware of there is
warning but but this warning is not not
not accepted completely you know we are
in a small town
where to go and how to evacuate
hospitals and where to evacuate
hospitals so the the biggest Hospital in
Gaza you know is a shifa and there is no
place to and shifa and other hospitals
they are we are full with victim and
full with injures when injured people so
to say no warning this is not this is
you know mindless World know in Gaza
where to go Gaza is very heavy
population and very small town so and
you know the the the number of injured
people and killed people now thousands
and thousands where to go and you know
well just you been warning why warning
was there you know Alan people there no
absolutely no so they are hitting the
the civilians intentionally they want to
do massacr and massacr and massacres in
Gaza Hassan kalaf there the medical
director of the alwafa hospital in Gaza
that's just about a away from the
hospital that we've been showing you
pictures of Hassan thank you so much for
joining us on out and we wish you really
all the best to you and your staff on
this very difficult night